I see why don't trees
I've got pal medals to build
with this is a good spot shelter
is critical that shoulder
I'm not a trapper I'm going to
be out there surviving is to
trap it
that'll be the framework of my
lead to a lean-to shelter is
essentially a roof and two walls
built so the open side faces
away from prevailing winds and
rain
it's not sufficient for
permanent shelter but it's
enough to keep Colby protected
from the elements for at least a
few days and reaches a balance .
it gives his tree
they can't fall down it's solid
I'm going shopping for building
materials but when I go shopping
I don't bring a credit card
I don't bring cash I bring skill
this will become the box springs
in my bed
I figure bird can build a nest
with his beak I should be able
to build a shoulder with my bare
hands drop broader hits and a
run all the way down to the end
of these very long leads
that's what a lot of self home
80 is a multi-purpose survival
plan
its food its shoulder it's
medicine it's cordage its fire
this is what I might call a
backwoods timeshare just a
little bit of maintenance when I
come back next year and this
will be ready to go